you guys used an analogy or Ghassan
metaphor for not so much the courtship
process but your interactions with women
and you equated it to being similar to
dance yeah if you could elaborate on
that because I think that for me at
least being aware of the message it
really sort of characterized in and give
it sort of a new feel and again its
simplicity but I think that a lot of the
audience might take that away and be
able to sort of character out in their
own ways if you want to elaborate yeah I
think that the dance metaphor is
profound in Toronto here you guys
there's there's guys who are teaching
trying to teach the concept of the way
men and women communicate stuff
communicate connect to dance and I think
it's a fantastic thing I think if a man
wants to understand women he should take
up dance lessons I really do like
traditional ballroom type dance when I
was in Montreal a little while ago I met
a Ukrainian girl beautiful Ukrainian
girl who grew up in the streets of
Argentina and so she's that she's a
profound tango dancer and and I went to
she took me to the tango and I was
watching her and the other women danced
with the men and it was in it and my
eyes were opened I'll say that I saw
their contained in the way that these
men and women were dancing the tango
everything that all of life is contained
what I saw all of life contained in the
tango if if men would study that thing
with 90 days mr their meeting books they
would need nothing if they just go and
even in a spectator mode to observe the
tango the way the men you know extend a
hand in invitation there's no control
there's no trying to take there's no
asking for anything
there's no no possibility of that kind
of thing it's just a hand in extension
and if it's accepted then the men subtly
but but firmly lead and the men are
leading and their hands are high
confident high like this and the women
eyes are closed and they're feeling it
and they're moving in complete
synchronization I could go on about
because I think it's beautiful